[ENG-38065, ENG-40352, pyapi] Document high-level decrypt API in Python (#146)
NSO-developer/nso-gitbook: development/connected-topics/encryption-keys.md

## Decrypting the Encrypted Strings

Encrypted string values can only be decrypted using `decrypt()`, when NSO is running with the correct [cryptographic keys](../../administration/advanced-topics/cryptographic-keys.md).

> The recommended way from Python is `ncs.maapi.Maapi.decrypt()`, which installs the AES keys into the library on its first call and delegates to the low-level `decrypt` function on subsequent calls:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way for Python is to use `ncs.maapi.Maapi.decrypt()`, which installs the AES keys into the library on its first call and delegates to the low-level `decrypt` function on subsequent calls:
```

Author: Hi @bbcsco,

You are so fast, I am waiting the CI run finishes in the main PR, then I will ask the review at the same time. Thanks for your comment, I will fix in next commit.
